[#18843] Update user-facing documentation on wait-on-conflict concurrency control (#20809)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

Use of this flag can potentially result in expiration of live data. Use at your discretion.
{{< /warning >}}

> ## Concurrency Control Flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Concurrency control flags
```

> To learn about Wait-on-Conflict concurrency control, see [Concurrency Control](../../../architecture/transactions/concurrency-control/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about Wait-on-Conflict concurrency control, see [Concurrency control](../../../architecture/transactions/concurrency-control/).
```

##### --enable_wait_queues

When set to true, enables in-memory wait queues, deadlock detection, and wait-on-conflict semantics in all YSQL traffic.

Default: `true`

##### --disable_deadlock_detection

When set to true, disables deadlock detection. If `enable_wait_queues=false`, this flag has no effect as deadlock detection is not running anyways.

Default: `false`

{{< warning title="Warning">}}

> Use of this flag can potentially result in deadlocks which cannot be resolved by YSQL. Should only be used if the application layer can guarantee deadlock avoidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of this flag can potentially result in deadlocks that can't be resolved by YSQL. Use this flag only if the application layer can guarantee deadlock avoidance.
```
